Add MoEngage to React Native app (#480)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: destinations/marketing/moengage.mdx

## Adding Device Mode Integration

<Tabs>
  <TabList>
    <Tab>iOS</Tab>
    <Tab>Android</Tab>
    <Tab>React Native</Tab>
  </TabList>
    <TabPanels>
      <TabPanel>
        Follow these steps to add MoEngage to your iOS project:
<ol>

> <li>Go your <code class="inline-code">Podfile</code> and add the <code class="inline-code">Rudder-Moengage</code> extension:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Go to your <code class="inline-code">Podfile</code> and add the <code class="inline-code">Rudder-Moengage</code> extension:
```

<span>

```ruby
pod 'Rudder-Moengage'
```
</span>
</li>

> <li>After adding the dependency followed by <code class="inline-code">pod install</code> , you can add the imports to your <code class="inline-code">AppDelegate.m</code> file as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>After adding the dependency followed by <code class="inline-code">pod install</code>, you can add the imports to your <code class="inline-code">AppDelegate.m</code> file, as shown:
```

<span>

```objectivec
#import "RudderMoengageFactory.h"
```
</span>
</li>

> <li>Finally, change the initialization of your <code class="inline-code">RudderClient</code> as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Finally, change the initialization of your <code class="inline-code">RudderClient</code>, as shown:
```

<span>

```objectivec
RudderConfigBuilder *builder = [[RudderConfigBuilder alloc] init];
[builder withDataPlaneUrl:DATA_PLANE_URL];
[builder withFactory:[RudderMoengageFactory instance]];
[RudderClient getInstance:WRITE_KEY config:[builder build]];
```
</span>
</li>
</ol>
      </TabPanel>
      <TabPanel>

> Follow these steps to add MoEngage to your Android project and enable its full functionality, like push notifications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to add MoEngage to your Android project:
```

<ol>

> <li>Open your <code class="inline-code">app/build.gradle</code> (Module: app) file, and add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Open your <code class="inline-code">app/build.gradle</code> (Module: app) file and add the following:
```

// if you don't have Gson included already
implementation 'com.google.code.gson:gson:2.8.6'
```
</span>
</li>
<li>Also, add the below plugin after <code class="inline-code">buildscript</code>:
<span>

```groovy
// For Push Notification
apply plugin: 'com.google.gms.google-services'
```
</span>
</li>

> <li>Open your <code class="inline-code">build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file and add the following in <code class="inline-code">buildscript</code> dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Open your <code class="inline-code">build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file and add the following in the <code class="inline-code">buildscript</code> dependency:
```

    }
}
```
</span>
</li>

> <li>Initialize the Rudder SDK in the <code class="inline-code">Application</code> class's <code class="inline-code">onCreate()</code> method as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Initialize the RudderStack SDK in the <code class="inline-code">Application</code> class's <code class="inline-code">onCreate()</code> method, as shown:
```

        .build()
)
```
</span>
</li>

> <li>Initialize the MoEngage SDK in the <code class="inline-code">Application</code> class's <code class="inline-code">onCreate()</code> method as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Initialize the MoEngage SDK in the <code class="inline-code">Application</code> class's <code class="inline-code">onCreate()</code> method:
```

        .build()
MoEngage.initialise(moEngage)
```
</span>
</li>
</ol>
      </TabPanel>     
     <TabPanel>
Follow these steps to add MoEngage to your React Native project:
<ol>
<li>Add the RudderStack-MoEngage module to your app by running the following command:
<span>

```bash
npm install @rudderstack/rudder-integration-moengage-react-native
// OR //
yarn add @rudderstack/rudder-integration-moengage-react-native
```
</span>
</li>
 <li>Import the above module and add it to your SDK initialization, as shown:
<span>

```javascript
import rudderClient from "@rudderstack/rudder-sdk-react-native"
import moengage from "@rudderstack/rudder-integration-moengage-react-native"
const config = {

>   dataPlaneUrl: <DATA_PLANE_URL> ,

Reviewer 2: Fix the `,` after DATA_PLANE_URL

>   dataPlaneUrl: <DATA_PLANE_URL> ,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  dataPlaneUrl: DATA_PLANE_URL,
```

```
</span>
</li>
 <li>Import the above module and add it to your SDK initialization, as shown:
<span>

```javascript
import rudderClient from "@rudderstack/rudder-sdk-react-native"
import moengage from "@rudderstack/rudder-integration-moengage-react-native"
const config = {
  dataPlaneUrl: <DATA_PLANE_URL> ,
  trackAppLifecycleEvents: true,
  withFactories: [moengage],
}
rudderClient.setup( <WRITE_KEY> , config)
```
</span>
</li>

> <li>Add the following under the dependencies section of the <code class="inline-code">app/build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file in the Android folder of your React Native project:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<li>Add the following under the dependencies section of the <code class="inline-code">android/app/build.gradle</code> (Module: app) file in the Android folder of your React Native project:
```

```
</span>
</li>

> <li>In the <code class="inline-code">app/build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file, add the following:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<li>In the <code class="inline-code">android/build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file, add the following:
```

```
</span>
</li>
<li>In the <code class="inline-code">app/build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file, add the following:
<span>

```groovy
repositories {
  mavenCentral()
}
```
</span>
</li>

>  <li>Also, add the below plugin after <code class="inline-code">buildscript</code>:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<li>Also, add the below plugin to the top of the <code class="inline-code">android/app/build.gradle</code> (Module: app) :
```

>  <li>Add the following in <code class="inline-code">buildscript</code> dependencies in <code class="inline-code">android/build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file:

Reviewer: should it be `dependency` or `dependencies`? Looks like a single dependency to me.

>  <li>Add the following in <code class="inline-code">buildscript</code> dependencies in <code class="inline-code">android/build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 <li>Add the following in the <code class="inline-code">buildscript</code> dependencies in <code class="inline-code">android/build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file:
```

<span>

```groovy
// For Push Notification
buildscript {
  dependencies {
    classpath 'com.google.gms:google-services:4.3.4'
  }
}
```
</span>
</li>

>  <li>Also, add the below plugin to the top of the <code class="inline-code">android/app/build.gradle</code> (Module: app):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 <li>Also, add the following plugin at the top of the <code class="inline-code">android/app/build.gradle</code> (Module: app):
```

<span>

```groovy
// For Push Notification
apply plugin: 'com.google.gms.google-services'
```
</span>
</li>

> <li>Initialize the MoEngage SDK in the <code class="inline-code">Application</code> class's <code class="inline-code">onCreate()</code> method as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Initialize the MoEngage SDK in the <code class="inline-code">Application</code> class' <code class="inline-code">onCreate()</code> method, as shown:
```

> <li>Initialize the Rudder SDK in the <code class="inline-code">Application</code> class's <code class="inline-code">onCreate()</code> method as following:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<li>Initialize the MoEngage SDK in the <code class="inline-code">Application</code> class's <code class="inline-code">onCreate()</code> method as following:
```

```
</span>
</li>

>  <li>Add the following in <code class="inline-code">buildscript</code> dependencies in <code class="inline-code">build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 <li>Add the following in <code class="inline-code">buildscript</code> dependencies in <code class="inline-code">android/build.gradle</code> (Module: Project) file:
```

</li>
</ul>
      </TabPanel>
      <TabPanel>
        <ul>

>        <li>Open <code class="inline-code">android</code> folder of your React Native app and do follow all the steps mentioned in <code class="inline-code">Android</code> tab of <a href="#configuring-push-notifications">Configuring Push Notifications</a></li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <li>Open the <code class="inline-code">android</code> folder of your React Native app and do follow all the steps mentioned in <code class="inline-code">Android</code> tab of <a href="#configuring-push-notifications">Configuring Push Notifications</a></li>
```

> <li>Open <code class="inline-code">ios</code> folder of your React Native app and do follow all the steps mentioned in <code class="inline-code">iOS</code> tab of <a href="#configuring-push-notifications">Configuring Push Notifications</a></li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Open the <code class="inline-code">ios</code> folder of your React Native app and follow all the steps listed in the <code class="inline-code">iOS</code> tab of the <a href="#configuring-push-notifications">Configuring Push Notifications</a> section. </li>
```
